Am I wrong?
Although Lin's Group is a small business
But it is also a leader in Linhai City
They sent someone over to invite you to see the doctor. There is a chance
You foolishly refused
And isn't that interesting?
They don't deserve to let me do it
you
Dear brother, Chen Hao is not going to see Lin Huicheng.
It's because of his second son
Lin Yuxuan Lin Yuxuan Hmm
I'll tell you later, Miss Fei
If there's nothing else, I'll go first
I'm so dizzy, what's wrong?
I don't know.
I just got dizzy all of a sudden.
Don't you know medicine?
Come and have a look.
Miss Ye, why do you have a headache when you look normal?
I don't know.
I bowl
I'm so dizzy, treat
Chen Hao, why don't you send me back?
Give me a few more stitches
You hold him first
Black Tiger, you can go back first, okay?
Come on.
What's wrong with you?
I'm looking for you, not you.
Why is that?
Dear brother, I said that in addition to your business acumen
You're an idiot everywhere else
Hey
No. My head hurts too much.